# Running the pipeline
To automatically generate plots of candidates run ```sudo systemctl start cand_plotter.service``` first.  **Not sure if this works yet**

The pipline can be run by running ```~/grex/pipeline/grex.sh```.

To run the pipeline software there must be a database file for it to use. By default this is in ```/hdd/data/candidates.db``` but can be set with flags when running ```./grex.sh```. The flags are ```-dbp``` or ```--db_path``` (they are equivalent).

More flags can be see by running ```./grex.sh -h```.

Trinity appears to have blocked ```time.google.com``` which is the default NTP server for GReX. When calling ```./grex.sh``` the flags ```-st``` or ```--skip_ntp``` can be used to skip NTP synchronisation to avoid this, because otherwise if it cannot contact the server it will crash the program.

The pipline requires the injection of pulses, taken from a ```.dat``` file in ```~/grex/pipeline/fake```. However if an empty ```.dat``` file is provided it doesn't raise any errors.

## tmux

The pipeline is run on tmux, an open-source terminal multiplexer which allows you to disconnect and reconnect to terminal instances, i.e. it allows you to run the pipeline remotely and then log out of the remote session and leave it running.

A new instance of tmux with the name ```[NAME]``` is generated by running 

```sh
tmux new -s [NAME]
```

This can be exited while leaving it running by pressing ```Ctrl + B``` and then ```D```.

To reenter the tmux instance run

```sh
tmux attach -t [NAME]
```

To have the ability to scroll when in a tmux instance press ```Ctrl + B``` and then ```[```.

A tmux instance can be killed completely from the outside with

```sh
tmux kill-session -t [NAME]
```

or by running ```exit``` instside the session.

## Injecting pulses

If you do wish to inject fake pulses [this](https://grex-telescope.github.io/software/operation/) page has instructions on how to do so.

## Plotting data
If you wish to plot the data separately to the automatic you can use the files [here](https://github.com/ismisebrendan/GReX_Birr_setup/tree/main/Processing).

